Hey Michael, hello everybody. Hello, hello. It's a wonderful April now. Happy April. Happy
April. I hope the Easter bunny has come and laid many chocolate eggs at your house. What
a weird way to celebrate, but Easter eggs are still good. Yeah, I think I overcooked
our hard-boiled eggs though and they've got green centers. So I kind of combine combining
like St. Patrick's Day and Easter together. Perfect. So anyway, let's kick it off.
Hello and welcome to Python Bytes where we deliver Python news and headlines directly
to your earbuds. This is episode 377 recorded April 2nd, 2024. So it's not an April Fool's
joke and I am Brian Okken. I am Michael Kennedy. This episode is sponsored by Scout APM. Please
listen to their segment later in the show. If you want to connect with us, we're at Fosstodon
on Mastodon @mkennedy, @brianokken@pythonbytes@fosstodon.org. And if you'd like to join us live for the live
show, show up at pythonbytes.fm/live. Actually you can just go there anytime and it tells
you when the next recording is so you can put it on your calendar. And finally, if you
want an artisanal handcrafted digest of every week of show notes in your email, so maybe
you don't catch the, you don't want to take notes while you're listening or you miss an
episode, you can get it right in your email. Just go to the pythonbytes.fm and look for
friends of the show and you'll get an email.
Yeah, that's a cool thing we just started doing. So if you want to just, you don't have
time to listen or you forget to show up for an episode, it'll just show up. And I love
the artisanal part, Brian. Well done on that. Very, it's very craftsman like.
Yeah. Anyway.
I just want to talk about paths today. Can we just talk about paths?
Yeah. Just paths. Nothing else.
Nothing. Just paths. Actually, that's what it's called. Just paths. Okay. So here's a
tool that is built in Python and just, it's just a language. It's 1.2% just. I don't know.
This is too meta. Anyway, it's a quick CLI tool built with Python. And when you hear
that, the first thing you should think is pipx install the thing, because that's how
you install CLI tools for Python, right? It gets managed on its own. It gets, it's upgradable
through pipx and all the things. They made a little mistake here. Like I should do a
PR and put an X on the pipx install just path. Okay. So what is this thing? What it does
is it it's for a windows and macOS, I believe is what it's for. No windows Linux and Mac
OS as well, because it basically pretends macOS is Linux. And what it does is it will
look at your path variable and see, help you determine if it's good. So if you want to
answer questions like when I type Python, I always get Python two. Why is that? When
I type Python, I get Python three 10, but I have three 12 installed. Why is that? When
I pip install or pipx install a thing, it claims that stuff that gets installed by it
won't be in the path. Wait, I thought it was, Oh no, wait, that was three 11, not the three
12 version of that. All these complicated little weird things that you run into all
the time. This is just a CLI tool that you just say, tell me how, how am I doing? What
is my path? What stuff like do it? Do I have something in my path that links to a directory,
but the directory is no longer there. So for example, if I have Python three 10 in my path,
but I've uninstalled Python three 10, but it's still in my dot CSHRC or bash RC file
or, or windows path environment variables, whatever, right? That kind of stuff. Cool,
huh? Yeah, actually. Yeah. So it does a bunch of different things. It can do just dash dash
raw to show you what it is. You can just run it by itself and it gives you this colored
output of each element in your path. So it parses the path and then it goes line by line
and tells you green. This exists yellow. It's a duplicate of something that was there before.
So if you have something in your path multiple times, maybe it's earlier than later and you
thought it should be later. So that's also a weird thing going on or it'll turn it red.
If there are some that don't exist. Yeah. So that's pretty cool. You can ask for just
the invalids just for the duplicates. You can ask it to follow some links and then resolve
whether those are duplicates or not. And then you can say, give me a corrected version as
a string or not as a string as a list. And then that will let you basically remove the
duplicates, remove the missings and go from. There's a little video here that's a, is it
a gif here or something? I don't know. But if you want to watch the video, you can pull
it up and you'll see like what it looks like when it runs and all the colors and stuff,
but it's super easy to try out. So I recommend people check out just path. I think it's handy.
I, my score is not that amazing. I just ran it, Brian, 42 directories in my path, 12 do
not exist. Fully 12 of them. And four of which that do are duplicates.
Yeah. I've got a bunch of problems with mine. Okay. Who knew? Right. Well, you know, you
kind of like, you know, keep things around, you install stuff, change things. Yeah. This
stuff is right only. Right. Like why would you take stuff out of your path? You know,
you just keep putting, adding to it and adding to it. But then like you say, you uninstall
things, stuff changes, et cetera. Yeah. I have like added my user users, Aachen
dot local slash bin. Apparently that doesn't exist anymore. And I don't even remember ever
using that. So, okay. Cool. Interesting. Yeah. It's, it's easy to adopt the news. You just
pip X install it and you just run the thing and it tells you what's up.
Cool. Well, that's exciting. I have like, you know, doom and gloom next. So, yeah, the,
the XZ backdoor I'm I don't know if everybody's heard about this. It just really sort of popped
up last Friday. So it's fairly recent. Have you been keeping up on XZ?
Yeah, it definitely has caught my attention and makes me quite nervous. I think we just
missed this in getting released to basically every server on the internet, which is really
good. Yeah. So if you've just sort of heard about
it, I'm going to provide a, there's a lot of articles on it and some of it has good
information. Some of it has dubious, a little bit, maybe opinionated stuff, which is fine,
but I'm linking to an article from Evan Bowen, but Evan Bowes, B O E H S not sure how to
pronounce that. Anyway, everything I know about the XZ backdoor, and it's a fairly curated
timeline of what the backdoor is, but it, well, it's about the timeline of how it happened,
but the gist, if you haven't heard about it, this is that there was a backdoor added
to, I think it's XZ utils. XZ is the compression or like an unzipper zipper, unzipper sort
of thing. And archive tool for Linux and other Unix like distributions. So it's a weird story
that start this multi-year that's the word, the part that's freaky is a, a little utility
that's included everywhere that starting in 2021 somebody well, they went by the name
of Gia Tan, but nobody really believes that that's really their name started contributing
to open source, added a patch and these patches were added like in long, long times apart
and then ended up becoming a maintainer of XZ and then creating in part of the test code
and this, the, there wasn't a vulnerability in the, in github, but there was in the distributed
tar release. I don't know that there's a lot of details that I didn't quite follow all
of it. However, yuck and weird. And so the part that I want to talk about really is one,
you should just be aware of this and we're going to link to a good article. I think it's
right before, before you go on a little farther, because before we move on to just the real
basics of it, the I basically, this, this vulnerability was intentionally put there
as a backdoor to break open SSH connections. So the idea was if you can SSH to your server,
this was going to give other people acts SSH access to your server, which is extraordinarily
bad. Yeah. And the SSH into it with root access. So they, they have like full access really.
Yeah. Terrible would have been a terrible backdoor. Glad it got caught. So it got caught
by like somebody at Microsoft, Microsoft Postgres team, I think looking at, at some of their
over like an update of XZ causing, or actually a slowdown in some of their, I think it was
in their test suite or something. They were running micro benchmarks and they saw like
a 600 millisecond slowdown or something like, geez, that's weird. How about that testing
for the wind, Brian? Yeah. And then also I guess Valgrind caught some problems with it
as well. So I guess good thing that people were paying attention to that and then tracked
it down rap fairly rapidly to a update of XZ. And then but then some of the unraveling
of this is just, okay. So there was a vulnerability. It got caught. People are updating. That's
good because you really don't want this here. However some of the ways in which this happened
are disturbing. And so that's why I think it's useful to read up on this a little bit
partly because this XZ utility was not, it's mostly maintained by one person over years.
Right. So, and then somebody comes along and wants a patch and is sort of, there's some
sort of kind of not nice things said, including things like clearly don't do patches to this
because they don't, the current maintainer has lost interest or doesn't care anymore.
Saying mean things like this kind of pressured, and this is way back in 2022, pressuring the
person into adding another maintainer, then, Hey, there's another maintainer ready and
they're adding garbage to it. So.
>> They just happened to work for some state sponsored hacker group. I'm sure they'll do
a good job maintaining it for us.
>> Yeah. So maybe, and there's, you know, basically I guess, watch out for this, but
also I think, so one of the things I wanted to talk about is how do we, how do we avoid
stuff like this? This is, I don't have an answer for it, but there's a lot of people
discussing like, what do we do about it? Including a glyph whose answer may have been just is
I'm willing to link to his article called software needs to be more expensive. Essentially
we hit a lot of free software. Maybe we should start paying the maintainers so that people,
I mean, burnout is a real thing, but you pay people, they will work on stuff or somebody
else will. However, I don't think that's, that's quite one of the interesting thing,
his idea. I'll just mention this cause I think it's interesting is he's got an idea called
just J G M M just give maintainers money. And his idea is not to have companies try
to figure out who to give money to. It's, it's his idea is just give every software
engineer with your company a discretionary budget of like say 50 bucks a month or whatever
you want to do. And, and they can distribute that money to open source maintainers however
they want. Interesting idea. I don't think if, even if that was in place, I don't think
that it, which I think is a good idea. I don't think it would be have gone to XZ really.
Cause I would have thought things like, you know, Django or, you know, Python, but but
I give money to a little zip utility, probably not. Anyway. So I think this is a good thing
to keep up on. And, and I do that this idea of like bringing on maintainers, you have
to be able to do that, but you have to, how do you tell if somebody is going to be malicious
a couple of years from now? I don't know. That's, that's how do you, I don't think you
can check for that.
It is tough. Yeah. That person, that person played the long game for sure.
Yeah. So I thought, well, okay, well I don't run any servers, so I'm fine. But then I ran
across Jeff triplets article called upgrade, update and upgrade homebrew and the XZ versions.
I'm like, what? Yeah. So if you, you should, if you run homebrew on your Mac, you should
run brew info XZ. And if, if it shows up at five dot six X you need to update. And sure
enough, I had the vulnerability on my machine. I checked it and I was, I was out of date
or actually I was, I had upgraded to the new one and
I just checked, I don't seem to have it, which is very good. I don't know. But the thing
is you probably didn't install XZ. You probably installed the other thing, which depended
on something, which depended on XC, which is all parts of the supply chain problems,
which is scary.
Yeah. But I guess, thanks dude at Microsoft that found this.
Yeah, indeed. You know, you say probably would think that the 50 bucks wouldn't go to XC,
but I really like glyphs article. First of all, well done glyph. That was a very nice
article you wrote and I enjoyed reading it. It's also a very thoughtful idea. I think
his idea is basically instead of trying to get large companies to come on and be sponsors
of open source projects, usually that's a huge negotiation and there's all sorts of
stuff and right. It's just not easy. Just give everybody 50 bucks a year or a month.
I can't remember. I think it was maybe a month. Anyway, give people a card and they
could just donate it to whichever open source project that they would like. And I agree
if there's a thousand people that did that, Brian, that XC probably wouldn't make it.
But wouldn't it be awesome if there was a world where there were so many people who
were just donating to open source that it became super lucrative that second tier projects
were even potentially full time things like rockstar developers, like ballers are rolling
up in their Ferrari because they're running FastAPI or Sebastian is doing. That would
be really cool. Think of how much more open source should get created if it was a gold
rush as well.
I think it would be neat and also even not necessarily a full time job, but just to be
able to say even if I have to take the time unpaid for my normal job, if I took like a
day a week off and just worked on open source, my open source project instead. And sometimes
it's not even adding features. It's just going through issues, doing all of the bookkeeping
and the maintenance and everything.
Or VPRs.
Yeah.
Or maybe you're a consultant, you take one for your clients on something like that. Right?
Exactly. So thanks.
Pretty cool. Yeah. Yeah. I'm glad you covered this.
Well we would like to thank Scout APM for sponsoring this episode. Thanks Scout.
Let me tell you real quick about Scout APM. They're big supporters of Python Bytes. So
we appreciate that very much. So if you are tired of spending hours trying to find the
root cause of issues impacting your performance, then you owe it to yourself to check out Scout
APM. They're a leading Python application performance monitoring tool, APM, that helps
you identify and solve performance abnormalities faster and easier. Scout APM ties bottlenecks
such as memory leaks, slow database queries, background jobs, and the dreaded N plus one
queries that you can end up if you do lazy loading in your ORM, then you say, "Oh no,
why is it so slow? Why are you doing 200 database queries for what should be one?" So you can
find out things like that. And it links it back directly to the source code. So you can
spend less time in the debugger and peeling logs and just finding the problems and moving
on. And you'll love it because it's built for developers by developers. It makes it
easy to get set up. Seriously, you can do it in less than four minutes. So that's awesome.
And the best part is the pricing is straightforward. You only pay for the data that you use with
no hidden overage fees or per seat pricing. And I just learned this, Brian, they also
have, they provide the pro version for free to all open source projects. So if you're
an open source maintainer and you want to have Scout APM for that project, just shoot
them a message or something on their pricing page about that. So you can start your free
trial and get instant insights today. Visit pythonbytes.fm/scout. The link is in your podcast
player show notes as well. And please use that link. Don't just search for them because
otherwise they don't think you came from us and then they'd stop supporting the show.
So please use our link pythonbytes.fm/scout. Check them out. It really supports the show.
Indeed. All right. Now, Brian, let's talk about some fast stuff. Okay. L Python. Have
you heard of L Python? No. This is news to me. So L Python is a high performance typed
Python compiler. So basically if you use type annotations or type hints on your Python code,
it can aggressively optimize and compile your Python code. And it uses multiple backends,
which is pretty interesting. So you can compile using LLVM. You can compile it to C, you can
compile it to C++ or you can compile it to WASM WebAssembly. That's wild, right? Yeah.
So right now, just a heads up before people get too excited, it's an alpha stage, so it's
not quite ready for maybe adoption. But if you're curious about it, you should definitely
check it out. You can play with it and so on. And so it's starting to pick up speed.
It's got a little over a thousand GitHub stars. And you can try it in your browser. Let's
try the browser. Before I move on, though, let's say it's fast. It's built from the ground
up to translate primarily data sciencey code, because that's primarily where things get
slow and actually matter in Python. But numerical array oriented code into simple, readable
and fast code, basic math. So it knows about, you know, sized integers, for example, in
32 and so on. It has just in time compilation, which you can get if you don't want to run
a compiler itself. You can just put an @lpython decorator onto a function and it'll just compile
at a runtime, which is kind of cool, because then I guess you probably don't need to distribute
binary versions on your packages, your wheels and so on. It's interoperable with CPython.
So basically, you can call all the CPython functions. And it's also, if it works in CPython,
it works here, it'll work in CPython, basically. Is it a subset, I guess, in a sense, and open
source. All right, let's play with it for just a second. So if you go to dev.lpython.org,
it loads up in the browser. And you can notice it loaded pretty quickly, although I have
gigabit internet, it's still loaded pretty quickly. See this picture here on the screen
behind? This is the Mandelbrot set, which I don't know how many people have done fractals,
but it's drawing two different copies of the Mandelbrot set. And what is that a 600 by
600 image, maybe? It's got a black and white one and a color map one. It says it took a
little under half a second to compile it and 80 milliseconds to generate those two images.
And you can come over here and you can say like, all right, what I'm going to do is,
what is that number? I'm going to make this, let's say 355 iterations, and then we'll run
it again. And 100 milliseconds, right? If I make that, if I make this something really
silly here, like, Oh no, why did I go away? Back button is not supposed to, or the delete
button is not supposed to navigate backwards. Hold on. Ooh, really big. There we go. All
right, there we go. Okay. So if I run it again, now, watch how fast this is like boom. That's
it. And then I'll put it back to what was it before? Something real weird the way it's
like capturing my mouse. But anyway, people can come check this out and see it running.
It runs super fast as Python. And you think all this, you know, iterative generating a
ton of paralyzed computation in WebAssembly in the browser with Python. I'm pretty impressed.
Yeah, that's pretty cool. Hey, who's behind this? Do you know? Mr. L Python? I have no
idea honestly. It's by L compilers is what it says at the bottom. So what is that? L
compilers.org. Yeah. Good question. It has no public members, but it is exciting. So
yeah, nor does it have a web page. Hopefully it's not an APT crew. Anyway, no, seriously,
it looks like a cool project and people can check it out. There's a lot of these ideas
happening now, but yeah, that's quite interesting. Yeah. Well, my last topic was kind of dramatic
with the whole XZ thing. So I'd like to continue the drama with and bring it into Python and
with the help of Trey Hunter. And he has a way to make your Python more dramatic. Actually
your Python output more dramatic with a, I'm just kind of joking, but it's kind of fun
with the name. He's got a tool called dramatic. And what it does is it slows down the print
output, which, which you know why would you want this? I don't know. It might be kind
of fun if you're doing a demo or doing a presentation or something, but it does, it's just pretty
fun. There's a lot of ways you can use dramatic. You can, you can once you install it, you
can just use a context manager so that it's only around certain print statements. You
can decorate certain functions. So temporarily does it. And you can even, there's a start
and start and print that to, to do it targeted. One of the fun things and he's got examples
on his read me how to do this. One of the fun things you can do, I'm not sure why he
included this is you can do it outside the whole thing. He's got a dramatic interpreter.
So if you, if you run like Python dash M dramatic, it just slows down everything. So you can
turn it off though. He's got a, he's got a way to turn it off as well, but you can do
do speed ups and make it. Anyway. I think this is
You want your Python code to look like ChatGPT or something like that. Right?
Yeah. As is typing out and stuff. I think it's kind of, especially if you're running,
I think it'd be useful. He gives an example of doing it. Like for instance, I'm like,
I guess this isn't an example, but if you're, if you're doing command line interface interactions
with a user I think it is helpful sometimes to have the output go slowly. So that's
visually interesting to have it, not just pop up with a mountain of text for people
to read, but don't do it too slow. Cause that's, that's annoying also. But anyway I think it's
kind of fun, fun thing related to this. I thought it'd be when, when he, he said, submitted
this the other day, I remembered somebody named Alan submitted a comment to us that
texture terminal text was a terminal text effects library is pretty cool. And so I'll
go ahead and link to that also. That's, that's a fun thing. It's very dramatic. That's quite
dramatic. You've got a whole bunch of cool effects. Like there's a grid one where things
like show up gradually in a grid. There's a bunch of great examples. There's beams that
it pops back and forth. This is beautiful. Laser beams. Laser beams. I like that one.
The binary path kind of looks, looks kind of a, what was it? Matrixy sort of a look.
I said, Neil, you can't go down there. There was one that I really liked a lot. The fire,
the burn is neat. Crumble is all animated gifts on the GitHub repo that Brian's linking
to. Yeah. Yeah. But the so it, I think it'd be cool for your, I wouldn't do it all over
the place, but like for instance if you had a, like a help, not probably not help, but
an about where, and that's sort of where it's showing here where you show, you know, the
credits and who's worked on it and some more info and stuff. That'd be fun to do a, a,
a fancy, a fancy dramatic output for, for that.
All right. With this terminal text effects thing. Yeah. I think if you work in the movie
industry and you need to have a, like a hacker breaking into a thing or somebody jacking
into cyberspace or whatever, one of these weird things are, where are you going to show
a terminal and make it dramatic? Oh my goodness. You could just basically do this for Hollywood.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, definitely. What is this language? Oh my gosh, this is VB6. I know
this. I'm tracking his IP. Like, wait a minute. What? It would be a little bit better. Yeah.
That'd be great. So anyway, that'd be fun if he, if he used both this and a textual
to turn it into a, like a, like a Vim clone or something like that with fun effects. Ooh,
that's fun. Pores. Yeah. It's almost like the Tetris terminal in a sense. Not quite.
Anyway, I guess that is a fun wrap up of our topics, but we've got, we have some extras.
Do you have any extras? Yeah. Go do yours first since you got your scram. Yeah. Okay.
So the only thing I mentioned textual a little bit, I'll go ahead and say that textual has
released a new version and I'm highlighting this because there's an inline feature, which
is, which is fun. So with, with the inline feature, let's see if we can get, get an example
of, you can kind of run textual in a run. It's not running for me. But anyway, you can
run it in line. So like normally if you run a textual application, it takes up your whole,
your whole terminal area, but this will just take a subset. So you can have like a, a little
input screen. So you can have kind of like an input dialogue maybe. But it, and it's
very visual, but it doesn't take, take over everything. So yeah. Yeah. Anyway, kind of
fun textual enriched, continue to impress. Yeah. How about you? Any extras? I've got
a few. Let's see. Let's start with a broadcast straight out of the Philippines. So my keynote,
which was entitled the state of Python in 2024, I give two weeks ago at PyCon Philippines
is out and the production quality is super high on this video. So they did a really great
job. It was a fun conference, but if you would have loved to hear me give a presentation
on the state of Python in 2024, but you weren't there, then you can still check it out now.
It's awesome. And I really enjoyed it by the way. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, thanks so much. A bunch
of the people who, whose projects we talk about on the show actually get a shout out
there. So, all right. That's, that's thing one thing too. I just want to encourage people.
I'm not logged in my getups. I can't unfortunately show it here, but Brian, do you go to your
GitHub and you know, there's that feed in the middle that shows all the stuff that's
going on and who, who started this and who's doing that and stuff. Do you ever use that
thing? No, that's what, that's the way I'm like, that's thing's stupid. This is like
80% of the page and it's in the way. What is this? How do I get, get past this? I've
started painted. Did you do it? And I've found so many cool projects. So I want to inspire
people to follow people on GitHub. You can follow Brian and me and see what we're starring,
but who's starred what he's forked. Well, I found probably three or four really interesting
projects just last week by just kind of skimming that for five minutes a week, you know? So
that's pretty cool. Yeah. I was really surprised that that was useful. I guess I need to follow
more people. I don't know. Exactly. Because I should as well, because I hadn't really
been following more people because why do you follow them? Well, maybe this is why onto
a thing that continues to perplex me, which is interesting is that the official way that
Python works is through blogspot.com. But nonetheless, important stuff for you all.
If you are living in the past, like when I ran just path earlier, it said your Python
three 10 thing is stupid because that doesn't exist on your computer anymore. But if you
have three 10, three nine or three eight, there are security updates for the older versions
of Python, but not the new one. They call them boring security releases. I never think
of security releases are boring. They either go from slightly interesting to, oh my gosh,
you have my full attention like the X thing. Anyway, people can, can check that out and
should probably upgrade if they're running one of those versions, three 10, three nine
or three eight. And if you're running three seven or older, too bad, so sad, no updates
for you. They may be vulnerable. They may be not, I don't know. And that's just the
way it works. If you're out of support, that's why you should stay on some of the new stuff
somewhat.
Like the new stuff's really been fairly easy to upgrade to. I haven't, it has been in a
lot of most of the part. Well, maybe it's just my projects, but I haven't run into any
issues really. I think if you stay one version behind it's, it's, there's no effort at all
almost to do it. Going from three 11 to three 12 was actually the hardest upgrade I've ever
done because there was quite a few dependencies I had that use something that was removed
as part of the dead batteries thing or something like that. And I can't, and I just wouldn't
run and I'm like, Oh my gosh, I got to, I was just waiting until some dependency of
a dependency got fixed, but it was slow for some reason. I don't know why, but you know,
that got fixed within a few weeks. Right? So if you waited a little bit longer, it should
be easy. Yeah. So one of the questions I got while we're looking at this, how many I used
to run a lot of versions of Python on my, on my Mac. But I got a new Mac recently and
I decided to mostly push most, I only run a couple and then I pushed the, do most of
my multi Python version testing in CI instead of locally. How many do you have on your machine
or regularly? Let's see which Python or one year Python rather, I think. Oh, I'm sorry
to put you on the spot. No problem. You know, I think I have, I think I have three 11 and
three 12 and that's it. Okay. Yeah. I think that I don't have three nine, I don't have
three 10. I definitely have done everything else. So three 11 or yeah, three 11 or three
12. Those are the ones that I got right now. I'm with you. I tried to, I did not put too
much stuff on there. The only reason I really have older stuff on there is because I haven't
gone to the trouble of removing it because there's some, a bunch of virtual environments
I've created off it that I wanted to deal with. But ideally I would just have the latest.
Yeah. I think I think my normal, I don't know what I've got, but it's it's the, well with
the, the packages I maintain, I usually have the newest and the oldest that I maintain.
And so three 12 and then however far back I wanted to go. And then so that, so that
talks can find those and I can find those locally, but yeah. Yeah. You know what I might
do? I'm not doing it because I don't have a huge set of older Pythons I test for. But
if I was like you where I did that, maybe I'd have Docker, you have some Docker containers
for the older ones. You can just do Docker run Python. That's command, you know, this
file or whatever. I don't know. Yeah, maybe. Keep it cleaned up. Yeah. But you can, they
run side by side pretty well. So yeah, they do. Anyway, just got to keep your path in
order. So just path, just path, just path, just Jack. So should we have some fun, something
funny? Yes, this one actually, I got it pulled up, but this one is from you. So I'm going
to let you take the lead on telling us about this joke here. Okay. So I saw this on on
LinkedIn actually. It's from Matt Watson. Don't know him. But it's pretty funny. So
we've got some definitions of some software definitions for you. So starting, I've got
a whole bunch of them. So try to go through them. Technical debt. What technical debt
is move fast and don't fix things. Agile development is admitting you have no plan. Test driven
development, guessing the future one test at a time. I love that. Open source is asking
somebody else to fix it with. Yeah, it's not always working. Maybe a slightly different
term based on the topics of this week or running, running someone else's code from the internet.
Yeah. Right. So CI/CD automating your mistakes into production. That's awesome. API is also
asking somebody else to do it. DevOps. I love this. DevOps is the belief that more tools
fix any problem. Microservices are creating enough small problems to avoid one big one.
Cybersecurity is playing hide and seek with hackers and serverless is pretending servers
don't exist until the bill comes. Oh yeah. Scrum. I like that. Scrum is group therapy
for being behind schedule. Hi, my name's Michael. I'm blocked. Hi Michael. I've been blocked
for two months. Yeah, that's great. Yeah. We have to do that. Next. I'll have to try
to incorporate that. There you go. Thanks Brian. Well, thanks a lot. Thanks again for
a wonderful episode and thank you everybody for making, helping to make Python bites a
wonderful podcast. And we had, we don't ask this much, but if you find this amusing or
helpful, please share with a friend. And you can sign up for one of the great ways to do
that is to sign up as a friend of the show, get the newsletter, and then you can send
that. You can spam your friends with that. We're not going to spam people, but you can.
So thanks. Indeed. Yeah. Thanks. Bye.